Single File Programming Question
Problem Statement:



Rhea is developing a route optimization system for a logistics company. Her goal is to determine the shortest delivery paths from a central warehouse to various customer locations. To solve this, she implements Dijkstra’s Algorithm which computes the shortest distance from a single source vertex to all other nodes in a weighted, undirected graph that contains no negative edge weights.

Help Rhea build a Python program that:

Accepts a weighted undirected graph represented via an adjacency matrix.
Uses Dijkstra’s Algorithm to compute shortest paths from a source node.
Prints the shortest distance from the source to each vertex.
Handles invalid source vertices gracefully
Input format :
The first line contains a single integer n — the number of vertices in the graph.

The next n lines each contain n space-separated integers — the adjacency matrix representation of the graph, where 0 (except on the diagonal) denotes no direct edge between the nodes.

The final line contains a single integer src — the index of the source vertex (0-based) from which shortest paths are to be calculated.

Output format :
The output displays the following:

For each vertex i in the graph, print: Distance from Source to Vertex i: d, where d is the shortest distance from the source vertex to vertex i.
If no direct connection exists and the vertex is unreachable from the source, the distance will remain as 9999 (infinity).
If the source vertex index is invalid, the program prints: Invalid source vertex.


Refer to the sample output for formatting specifications.

Sample test cases :
Input 1 :
4
0 5 0 0
5 0 3 0
0 3 0 1
0 0 1 0
0
Output 1 :
Distance from Source to Vertex 0: 0
Distance from Source to Vertex 1: 5
Distance from Source to Vertex 2: 8
Distance from Source to Vertex 3: 9
Input 2 :
3
0 2
2 0 1
0 1 0
1
Output 2 :
Invalid row size.
Error: list index out of range
Input 3 :
3
0 1 0
1 0 1
0 1 0
abc
Output 3 :
Error: invalid literal for int() with base 10: 'abc'
Input 4 :
2
0 1
1 0
3
Output 4 :
Invalid source vertex.
Note :
The program will be evaluated only after the “Submit Code” is clicked.
Extra spaces and new line characters in the program output will result in the failure of the test case.